Q4.What are the different phases in DevOps?
1) Continuous Development
This phase involves the planning and coding of the software. The vision of the project is decided during the planning phase. And the developers begin developing the code for the application. There are no DevOps tools that are required for planning, but there are several tools for maintaining the code. 

2) Continuous Integration
This stage is the heart of the entire DevOps lifecycle. It is a software development practice in which the developers require to commit changes to the source code more frequently. This may be on a daily or weekly basis. Then every commit is built, and this allows early detection of problems if they are present. Building code is not only involved compilation, but it also includes unit testing, integration testing, code review, and packaging.

3) Continuous Testing
This phase, where the developed software is continuously testing for bugs. For constant testing, automation testing tools such as TestNG, JUnit, Selenium, etc are used. These tools allow QAs to test multiple code-bases thoroughly in parallel to ensure that there is no flaw in the functionality. In this phase, Docker Containers can be used for simulating the test environment.

4) Continuous Monitoring
Monitoring is a phase that involves all the operational factors of the entire DevOps process, where important information about the use of the software is recorded and carefully processed to find out trends and identify problem areas. Usually, the monitoring is integrated within the operational capabilities of the software application. 

5) Continuous Feedback
The application development is consistently improved by analyzing the results from the operations of the software. This is carried out by placing the critical phase of constant feedback between the operations and the development of the next version of the current software application.

6) Continuous Deployment

In this phase, the code is deployed to the production servers. Also, it is essential to ensure that the code is correctly used on all the servers.The new code is deployed continuously, and configuration management tools play an essential role in executing tasks frequently and quickly. Here are some popular tools which are used in this phase, such as Chef, Puppet, Ansible, and SaltStack.

7) Continuous Operations

All DevOps operations are based on the continuity with complete automation of the release process and allow the organization to accelerate the overall time to market continuingly.The discussion that continuity is the critical factor in the DevOps in removing steps that often distract the development, take it longer to detect issues and produce a better version of the product after several months.
